dear gentlemen these seven simple
exercises will take just five minutes of
your time and will suit any level of
physical condition because they're all
based on one phenomenal exercise plank
hey don't run away no this is good plank
is famous for its four main benefits one
a toned belly to strong back three
flexible body for good posture just do
it with us every day preferably in the
morning when you're still fresh and full
of energy and we will make sure that
every training is fun and in just 30
days you will be surprised to find a so
much slimmer and fitter body in the
mirror hey what are you doing in my
bathroom
so why do we make the first step to your
transform body right now let's start you
don't even have to start your stopwatch
I'll be counting for you exercise number
1 full plank lie down with your belly on
the floor then raise your body on your
straight arms and toes and keep it
horizontally your body should make a
straight line head the heels breathe
normally you need to keep this position
only for 60 seconds let's give it a try
ready the countdown starts now
plank is one of the best exercises for
core conditioning it strengthens your
abs but also works your glutes and
hamstrings supports proper posture and
improves balance how are you doing
hold on try to breathe normally inhale
exhale
that's right
[Music]
okay just five seconds left five two
four three two one
Wow that's great let's try the next one
exercise number two elbow plank keep the
same position on your belly now raise
your body on your elbows and toes and
keep it horizontally your body should
make a straight line head to heels don't
forget to breathe normally this time
only thirty seconds come on you can do
it
[Music]
plink is one of the basic poses in yoga
so you can be sure it is absolutely
healthy for your body and will keep you
energized for the whole day Yogi's don't
lie especially the yogi who said when
you come to the fork in the road take it
[Music]
three-two-one
you are SuperDuper I'm amazed all right
here we go exercise number three raised
leg plank prop your body in the position
of elbow plank raise your right leg to
the level of your glutes or higher and
breathe normally
up we go breathe normally because your
muscles will need to receive oxygen if
you hold your breath your blood and
abdominal pressure can increase
significantly and have harmful effects
on your body
[Music]
three two one now put your right foot on
the floor and raise the left leg to the
level of your glutes that's right hold
on apart from working on your back abs
chest neck and shoulders leg raise plank
also strengthens your glutes and back
thighs and every exercise that we do
should be healthy to your body so inhale
exhale inhale exhale to one great I can
see you're ready for exercise for left
side plank turn to your left side and
put the left elbow strictly under the
shoulder make sure your legs are
straight now push your bottom and waist
up balance yourself on your arm and feet
until your body makes a diagonal line
breathe normally and up only 30 seconds
[Music]
side plank makes your abdominal side
muscles stronger and keeps your waste
bin whoo it's also a great pose to
strengthen your shoulders and arms
that's right it's not hard is it 5 4 3 2
well God
exercise number five can I guess mm-hmm
right side plank turn to your right side
and put the right elbow strictly under
the shoulder make sure that your legs
are straight
now push your bottom and waist up
balance yourself on your arm and feet
until your body makes a diagonal line
and breathe normally and another thirty
Seconds have started just now keep your
balance don't sink in the shoulder I can
see you you are doing great we're almost
there
[Music]
three two one
okay just two exercises left
exercise number six full plank again
absolutely you've done this one before
let's repeat raise your body on your
straight arms and toes and keep it
horizontally your body should make a
straight line head the heels breathe
normally this time only thirty Seconds
you can do it make sure your palms are
right under your shoulders if not move
them carefully your body should feel
solid yes just like that
[Music]
you are just out blank superhero you
know that don't you
maybe five more seconds mm-hmm and here
they are five four three two one
Wow and one last exercise to go exercise
seven elbow plank yes again okay keep
the same position on your belly now
raise your body on your elbows and toes
and keep it horizontally your body
should make a what straight line head to
heels right and breathe you should hold
the position for sixty Seconds
[Music]
how you doing
keep your glutes down your body is a
straight line yeah there you go
Oh 30 seconds already passed and you are
still standing you are my superstar all
righty
keep going
ah five seconds left five four three two
one all right you've done it you are a
god of Planck all right and here is your
daily workout plan summary that might be
handy number one
full plank one minute to elbow plank 30
seconds 3 raised leg plank right leg 30
seconds left leg 30 seconds 4 right side
plank 30 seconds 5 left side plank 30
seconds 6 full plank 30 seconds 7 elbow
plank one full minute and one last thing
before we say goodbye today once you
feel that you are ready to intensify
your workout try not to lie down on the
floor between the exercises and just
keep your body up while changing the
arms position yeah you can do it I'm
sure you can make it see you tomorrow
have you tried plank exercises before
share your experiences in the comments
don't forget to hit the like button and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]